[Music]
thing one tonight I wonder do you think
Donald Trump has ever read the United
States Constitution
no of course he hasn't I'm sorry what a
ridiculous question although he sure has
talked a lot about article two lately
then I have an article to where I have
the right to do whatever I want as
president but I don't even talk about
that you have article two and you have
many other things that's the other thing
if you use your rights if you use your
power if you use article two it's called
obstruction also someday you ought to
read a article to article two which
gives the president powers that you
wouldn't believe
of course article two does not give
Crump of limited powers in fact the guy
just got impeached because he doesn't
understand that but the weird thing is
we have documentary evidence the
President Trump on at least one occasion
did read at least part of the US
Constitution and not just any part
article - the problem is he had a really
hard time following it and that's thing
- in 60 seconds we know that Donald
Trump is a tough time sticking to the
script when he was inducted into the
Hall of Presidents at Disney World he
reportedly wanted to add a line for his
robot to say about how America invented
the skyscraper saying quote then I could
add a little which of course I know a
thing or two about right
Disney eventually rejected the idea
explaining that actually a skyscraper
wasn't really an invention but just a
taller building and so the
weirdest-looking of all the Disney
animatronic president says nothing about
big buildings the Constitution good lord
that's weird that brings us to the time
Trump actually read that Constitution
needed robots were to defend according
to the new book a very stable genius
excerpted in Vanity Fair about six weeks
after the election an HBO documentary is
being put together in which the US
Constitution would be read and started
to finish by various American leaders
comes part on article two gave them some
trouble from the book Trump grew
irritated it's very hard to do
because of the language here Trump told
the crew it's very hard to get through
the whole thing without a stumble he
added it's like a different language
right Trump tried again but again remark
it's like a foreign language but much
like the Disney robot Trump did finally
power through it how much he actually
absorbed well I think we all know each
state shall appoint in such manner as
the legislature thereof may direct a
number of electors equal to the whole
number of Senators and Representatives
to which the state may be entitled in
the Congress also some day you ought to
read a thing called
article to read article 2 which gives
the president powers that you wouldn't
believe
[Music]
hey there arm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos